# AI Policy - CanvasMC

It has been more and more often seen in our repositories that we find
users using LLMs to generate issue reports, PRs, etc, without actually
reviewing what it's saying or the code generated. This policy is to note
what we do or don't allow in terms of artificial intelligence in our
repositories and communities.

While AI is beneficial in multiple areas of the modern world, it's often
been found, especially within Canvas' source for a variety of reasons,
that AI is being used to generate issue reports and PRs blindly without
actually reviewing what the AI is doing. This can cause a large variety
of issues, as it's been common that code provided is either straight wrong
or not even created properly.

We at CanvasMC would rather actually talk to a *person*, not an LLM.
Of course there are exceptions, like perchance a language barrier and using
AI to assist in communication from whatever language → english. However,
if we notice we are just talking to an LLM with no human reviewing what
it's saying or even using their own words, we will enforce this policy as
stated below.

## Our Policy

CanvasMC will give you 3 "strikes", sorta following "three strikes, your
out!"

For PRs, if we find the code provided is fully generated by an LLM with
no review from a human or like *any* human interaction whatsoever beyond
prompting, we will simply warn you for the first 2 strikes and close your PR.
On the 3rd strike, we will temporarily ban you for any time
between one day and one week. While we don't live under rocks and do
understand AI is something that can help out with code and such, we do not
tolerate **fully** AI generated code. You are allowed to use AI as an
assistive tool in your PR, even some of our own team does, however you
are not permitted to use AI as an outright replacement entirely for actual
experience and knowledge.

This policy may bend and change depending on the context of the situation.
Realistically we just don't want people to be submitting fully generated AI
slop in our repositories or communities. While it can be a good assistive
tool, and we do like it for that purpose, we do not feel that using AI as a
full replacement for programming experience is a good idea for maintaining
the quality and stability we try and keep at CanvasMC at this time.
We thank you for your understanding
